Axmud Quick Help

   Don't have time read the Axmud Guide? Axmud is not like other MUD clients
      you might have used, so you should read this (very) short document, which
      discusses its most important features.

   For help with installation, see the INSTALL file (or read the Guide). Axmud
      is known to work on MS Windows and Linux. It might be possible to install
      it on other systems, such as MacOS and *BSD, but the authors have not been
      able to confirm this yet.

Axmud is known to work on MS Windows and Linux. It might be possible to install
it on other systems, such as MacOS and *BSD, but the authors have not been able
to confirm this yet.

   To start Axmud, run the axmud.pl file. Users with a visual impairment can run
      the baxmud.pl file instead, which turns on screenreader support and turns
      off multiple windows.

   When Axmud starts, the 'Connections' window will appear. (Visually-impaired
      users will get a series of talking 'dialogue' windows instead.)

   Axmud comes with a number of pre-configured worlds. If you connect to one of
      these worlds, you won't have to configure the automapper before using it.

   Click on the world symbol to show a much longer list of worlds. If you
      connect to one of those worlds, or if you create a new world profile, you
      will have to configure the automapper for yourself.

   After choosing a world, click on the 'Connect to world' button.

   Commands can be typed at the bottom of the 'main' window. Commands beginning
      with a semicolon (;) are client commands. There are nearly 600 client
      commands available, some more useful than others:

         ;about
         ;addchar gandalf

   Axmud comes with a number of built-in scripts, called 'tasks', and its own
      scripting language, called Axbasic. All of these features are fully
      documented. For a list of help topics, try these commands:

         ;help
         ;abasichelp
         ;helptask

   For help on a specific topic, try the following commands:

         ;help addchar
         ;axbasichelp play
         ;taskhelp status

   If you're not sure what you're looking for, you can search for the right
      command:

         ;searchhelp guild

   Most client commands can be abbreviated:

         ;ab                    (equivalent of ';about')
         ;ach gandalf           (equivalent of ';addchar gandalf')
         ;h ach                 (equivalent of ';help addchar')

   (Visually-impaired users don't need to read the rest of this document.)

   Axmud offers an extensive graphical user interface, including menus, toolbar
      icons and edit/preference windows. Almost anything that can be done by
      typing a command can also be done by clicking something (and vice-versa),
      though in practice one method is usually more convenient than the other.

   Axmud stores information about the world in a 'world profile'. You can use
      the ';editworld' command to open an 'edit' window for the current world
      profile.

   Some windows have a single 'OK' button at the bottom. Any changes you make in
      these windows are applied immediately. For example, Axmud's own settings
      can be modified in the client preference window. You can open it by typing
      either of these commands:

         ;editclient
         ;edc

   ...or by using the 'main' window menu:

         Edit > Axmud preferences...

   However, most edit/preference windows have four buttons at the bottom. Any
      changes you make are not applied until you click the 'Save' or 'OK'
      buttons. (There are a few exceptions. Buttons marked with an asterisk (*)
      are applied immediately.)

   The world profile stores data about the world, but Axmud also uses guild,
      race and character profiles. Axmud's GUI window lists all the profiles
      currently in use, as well many other collections of data (each one called
      an 'object').

   You can open the GUI window using a client command, or from the 'main' window
      menu, or by clicking on the 'main' window icon (the blue-green one next to
      the icon that looks like a road sign).

   Axmud offers triggers, aliases, macros, timers and hooks. Collectively, they
      are called 'interfaces'.

   Interfaces belong to a profile. Sometimes there are several interfaces with
      the same name, each belonging to different profiles.

   You could use this feature to create interfaces which change their behaviour
      according to which character you're playing. If you have no need of this
      capability then there's no need to worry about it. By default, the
      interfaces you create belong to the current world profile and are
      available whenever you connect to that world.

   To create new triggers, click on the 'gun' icon in the 'main' window. Click
      on the icons to the right of it to create new aliases, macros, timers and
      hooks.

   If you aren't using a pre-configured world, you should run the Locator task
      wizard before trying to use the automapper. Click on the wizard's hat icon
      in the 'main' window or type:

         ;locatorwizard
         ;lcw

   The automapper only needs a list of exits to function properly, so we suggest
      that you ignore everything except the exit list (pay no attention to the
      room's title and description, for example).

   Open the automapper using the compass icon in the 'main' window or type:

         ;openautomapper
         ;map

   Start by adding a new region (called 'zone' on some other MUD clients). From
      the automapper menu, click:

         Regions > New region...

   There is more than one way to add rooms to the map. The simplest is to right-
      click the map and then select 'Add first room'.

   Near the top-left of the automapper window are three important icons: 'W' for
      'wait' mode, 'F' for 'follow' mode and 'U' for 'update' mode.

   In 'update' mode, the automapper will follow the character around the world,
      drawing new rooms as it goes. In 'follow' mode, the automapper will follow
      the character but won't draw new rooms. In 'wait' mode the automapper will
      ignore the character's movements.

   To change the current room, right-click a room and select 'Set current room'.
      If the automapper gets confused, you can reset it by clicking the brown
      'RL' icon.
