ADDCONSTATUS expression , expression
    
   Synopsis:
      Adds a 'main' window status bar
    
   Notes:
      Adds a status bar to the 'main' window, in the same area that gauges are
         displayed.
      Unlike graphical gauges, status bars display two numbers as simple text.
         For example, your character's current XP and XP required to reach the
         next level might be displayed as "XP: 900-100". 
      It's expected (but not required) that the sum of these two values is
         constant, at least in the short term. In other words, when one value
         falls by some amount, the other value is expected to rise by the same
         ammount. (The "CON" in ADDCONSTATUS stands for "constant".)

      The first expression is a unique status bar number. You can specify any
         integer, zero or above. If a status bar with this number already 
         exists, it is replaced with a new one. It's up to the script to keep 
         track of the unique numbers of any status bars it has created. (Status 
         bar numbers are independent of the numbers used with ADDGAUGE, 
         ADDCONGAUGE and so on.)
      The second expression is the label displayed with the numbers, for example
         "XP". If it's an empty string, Axbasic will assign its own label.

      An ADDSTATUS statement is usually followed by a SETSTATUS statement, which
         sets the numeric values displayed by the status bar. A DELSTATUS
         statement removes the status bar entirely. Status bars are 
         automatically removed when the script terminates.
      Often, these statements are used in some kind of loop, which updates the
         status bars periodically. See the code below for an example.

      See also the help for the ADDSTATUS, ADDGAUGE and ADDCONGAUGE statements.

   Requires:
      If the script is not being run as a task, the ADDCONSTATUS statement is
         ignored (and no error message is generated). Execution continues with
         the next statement.
         
   Examples:
      OPTION NEEDTASK
      OPTION NOLET

      ADDCONSTATUS 1, "TEST"

      FOR a = 0 to 10
         SETSTATUS 1, a, (10 - a)
         PAUSE 1
      NEXT a

      DELSTATUS 1

      END
