ADDGAUGE expression , expression [ , expression ] [ , expression ]
   [ , expression ]

   Synopsis:
      Adds a 'main' window gauge

   Notes:
      Adds a gauge to the 'main' window. This gauge displays two numeric values,
         such as your character's health points and their maximum health points.
         The first value is expected (but not required) to be less than or equal
         to the second.

      The first expression is a unique gauge number. You can specify any
         integer, zero or above. If a gauge with this number already exists, it
         is replaced with a new one. It's up to the script to keep track of the
         unique numbers of any gauges it has created. (Gauge numbers are
         independent of the numbers used with ADDSTATUS, ADDCONSTATUS and so
         on.)
      The second expression is the label drawn above the gauge, for example
         "HP". If it's an empty string, Axbasic will assign its own label.
      The remaining optional expressions specify which colours to use. If
         they're not specified, default colours are used. The first one is the
         colour of the full portion of the gauge; the second is the colour of
         the empty portion of the gauge; the third is the colour of the label.
      Colours must be valid Axmud colour tags (standard tags such as "RED" or
         "blue", xterm tags such as "x0" or "x255", or RGB tags such as
         "#000000" or "#FFFFFF"). Any invalid colour tags are ignored and
         default colours are used instead.

      An ADDGAUGE statement is usually followed by a SETGAUGE statement, which
         sets the numeric values displayed by the gauge. A DELGAUGE statement
         removes the gauge entirely. Gauges are automatically removed when the
         script terminates.
      Often, these statements are used in some kind of loop, which updates the
         gauges periodically. See the code below for an example.

      See also the help for the ADDCONGAUGE, ADDSTATUS and ADDCONSTATUS
         statements. To display gauges in the task's own window, see the help
         for the WINADDSTATUS statement.

   Requires:
      If the script is not being run as a task, the ADDGAUGE statement is
         ignored (and no error message is generated). Execution continues with
         the next statement.

   Examples:
      OPTION NEEDTASK
      OPTION NOLET

      ADDGAUGE 1, "TEST", "RED", "red", "WHITE"

      FOR a = 0 to 10
         SETGAUGE 1, a, 10
         PAUSE 1
      NEXT a

      DELGAUGE 1

      END
