awm / addwinmap               Adds a new winmap
 
   Format:
      ;awm <name>             Adds a new winmap
 
   Notes:
      Winmaps are a plan for arranging the layout of 'internal' windows 
         (consisting of all 'main' windows, 'protocol' windows such as those 
         created by MXP, and 'custom' windows such as task windows).
      The winmap consists of two parts: a list of strip objects, and a list of
         table objects.

      Strip objects are areas of the window such as the menu bar, the toolbar,
         the command entry box and so on, arranged in strips, one above the 
         other (by default). 
      'main' windows have a familiar layout, but in fact this layout can be 
         changed: each strip can be moved up, or down; new strips can be added
         and other strips can be removed.

      In most cases, the largest strip is the one in the middle; in 'main' 
         windows it's where text received from the world is displayed; in the
         'Compass' task it's the only strip, and it's where all the buttons are
         arranged.
      The contents of this strip can be modified. For example, in 'main' 
         windows, the strip can contain several areas for displaying text 
         (called 'panes'), instead of just one.
      Each area of this strip is handled by a table object. Table objects are
         arranged on a table (usually a 60x60 grid). Each table object handles a
         single button, or a single pane, and so on.

      When windows are arranged on a workspace grid (see the help for 
         ';activategrid'), they are arranged according to a plan called a 
         zonemap (see the help for ';addzonemap'). Zones within the zonemap are
         able to specify which winmaps should be used for windows opened in that
         zone. If not, you can use the ';setdefaultwinmap' command to set a 
         default winmap for 'main' windows and other 'internal' windows. 

      Axmud provides a number of standard winmaps which can't be modified or
         deleted. (This guarantees, for example, that task windows which want a
         uniform layout can have one).
      You can use this command to create new winmaps. <name> must be no longer 
         than 16 characters, and contain only A-Z, a-z, underlines and 0-9 (not 
         the first character). Non-Latin alphabets are acceptable.
      Use the ';modifywinmap' command to modify the winmap's strip objects. (See
         also the help for ';clonewinmap').
      Use the ';addwinzone', ';modifywinzone' and ';resetwinmap' commands to
         modify the winmap's table objects.
 
   User commands:
      awm / addwm / addwinmap
