alx / allocateexit            Allocates an unallocated exit

   Format:
      ;alx <new> <old>        Allocates the exit

   Notes:
      Primary directions include the sixteen cardinal directions, plus 'north'
         and 'south'.
      When the automapper window tries to add an exit in a different direction,
         that exit is drawn as an 'unallocated' exit (an X on the map).
      It is up to you, the user, to decide how the exit should be drawn, and to
         allocate a primary direction to the exit.
      One method is to right-click the exit each exit in turn, but this can
         quickly become tedious at some worlds. (For example, a MUSH will often
         use exits called 'kitchen', 'bathroom' and 'cellar', and will hardly
         use exits called 'north', 'south' and 'down' at all.)

      In such cases, you might prefer to use this command.
      <new> is the primary direction you'd like to use, for example 'north',
         'northeast', 'eastnortheast', 'up'. You can use any standard or
         custom primary direction, abbreviated or not.
      <old> is a part of (or all of) the unallocated exit's direction. For
         example, for an exit called 'enter pub', <old> can be any of these:

            pub
            enter
            enter pub

      <old> is a simple string, not a regular expression (regex).
      For an exit containing multiple words, diamond brackets <...> are not
         required. Multiple space characters are removed, so this is also
         acceptable:

            enter    pub

      In fact, you can miss out the 'allocateexit' part altogether. The
         following pairs of commands are identical:

         ;allocateexit north kitchen
         ;north kitchen

         ;allocateexit se bathroom
         ;se bathroom

         ;alx w enter pub
         ;w enter pub

      If you do miss out the command, Axmud will update your map and then send a
         world command in that direction, moving you to the new room.

   User commands:
      alx / allocexit / allocateexit
