ctl / configureterminal       Configures terminal settings

   Format:
      ;ctl                    Shows global terminal settings
      ;ctl -s                 Enables/disables control sequences
      ;ctl -c                 Enables/disables visible cursor
      ;ctl -f                 Enables/disables a rapidly-blinking cursor
      ;ctl -d                 Enables/disables direct keyboard input

   Notes:
      Axmud supports visible cursors in the 'main' window and provides partial
         emulation of VT100 terminals. This command affects global settings;
         individual world profiles might use their own settings.

      Worlds which support VT100 send invisible 'control sequences' to the
         client which enable special effects, like displaying text anywhere in
         the main window, rather than adding to the bottom (as is usual).
      Axmud implements many VT100 control sequences, which are enabled by
        default. If they are disabled using the '-s' switch, the control
        sequences are simply ignored.
      (Note that control sequences controlling the text's colour and style are
         not affected by this setting).

      By default, a visible cursor is not displayed in the 'main' window, but
         you can enable it using the '-c' switch. This is really only useful
         when emulating VT100 terminals, in which the cursor might be
         anywhere on the screen. When enabled, you can use the '-f' switch to
         make the cursor blink faster.

      When direct keyboard input is enabled, certain keys (such as the cursor
         and keypad keys) are sent directly to the world, so if this setting is
         enabled, you won't be able to use those keys in your macros.
      Some worlds expect something to be sent to them, every time you press a
         key on your keyboard. If that's so, and if direct keyboard input is
         enabled, you'll notice an icon appear in the 'main' window's command
         entry box. This icon tells whether you're typing a world command
         (that's being sent to the world, one character at a time) or some
         other type of command (such as a client command) executed by Axmud.

   User commands:
      ctl / configterm / configureterminal
