exf / exportfiles             Exports a file (or files)
 
   Format:
      ;exf                    Exports entire Axmud data directory
      ;exf <switches>         Exports specific file(s)
 
   Notes:
      Axmud uses a fixed directory structure for its data files. Sometimes it's
         convenient to move data files somewhere else - for backup purposes, or
         to transfer them to another computer.
      ';exportfiles' creates a single compressed archive of all the files
         selected for export (in .tgz format).
      Use the ';importfiles' command to import the data back into Axmud's data
         directories, ready for use.
      The config file is never exported (because it contains data mostly
         relevant only to your current computer).

      If you want to export specific files, you can use <switches>.
      <switches> should consist of a list of switch options and/or file names. 
      The switch options used are:
         -w <world>
              Exports a single 'worldprof' file, plus its corresponding 
                 'otherprof' and 'worldmodel' files (see warning below)
         -m <world>
              Exports the world model belonging to the <world> - a single
                 'worldmodel' file
         -t   Exports the task data file, 'tasks'
         -s   Exports the script data file, 'scripts'
         -n   Exports the contacts data file, 'contacts'
         -k   Exports the keycode data file, 'keycodes'
         -y   Exports the dictionary data file, 'dicts'
         -b   Exports the toolbar button data file, 'toolbar'
         -u   Exports the user command data file, 'usercmds'
         -z   Exports the zonemaps data file, 'zonemaps'
         -p   Exports the winmaps data file, 'winmaps'
         -x   Exports the text-to-speech data file, 'tts'
      File types used are: 'worldmodel', 'tasks', 'contacts', 'keycodes',     
         'dicts', 'toolbar', 'usercmds', 'zonemaps', 'winmaps', 'tts'.

      <options> can be specified in any order:
         ';exportfiles -k tasks -z dicts'
      Each file is added to the archive only once, so duplicate <options> won't 
         cause an error.
      You should usually ';save' data stored in memory before trying to export
         files with this command.
      
      Warning - an exported world profile will contain all of the passwords
         you've added. If you want to share a world profile with others, you
         should first clone the profile (passwords are not copied):
         
            ;setmud deathmud
            ;cloneworld -a deathmud clonemud
            
      After saving files, you can then export them:
      
            ;save
            ;exportfiles -w clonemud
 
   User commands:
      exf / exportfile / exportfiles
