ife / insertfailedexit        Automatically adds a failed exit message
 
   Format:
      ;ife                    Add message to current room's list
      ;ife -r                 Add message to the current room's list
      ;ife -w                 Add message to world profile's list
      ;ife -u                 Don't add the message, just update the Locator
      
   Notes:
      The Locator task keeps track of the number of look, glance and movement
         commands sent to the world, so it knows how many room statements to
         expect.
      If, after a movement command like 'north', a failed exit message like
         'Alas, you cannot go that way' is received, you might need to reset the
         Locator task, so that it's no longer expecting a room statement, and
         then reset the automapper's current room.
      A simpler way is to use this command. It can be used whenever the Locator
         task is expecting a single room statement after a movement command. It
         cannot be used if the taks is expecting mutliple room statements (for
         example, if you type 'north;north', and the failed exit message is
         received before moving to the first room).
         
      The first line of text received after a movement command is used as the
         failed exit message (unless it is a recognisable command prompt, in
         which case the first non-matching line after that is used).
      If no switch is specified, or if the -r switch is specified, that message
         is added to the current room's list of failed exit messages. From then
         on, the automapper can automatically process that message whenever your
         character is in the same room.
      If the -w switch is specified, the failed exit message is added to the
         world profile's list. From then on, the automapper will automatically
         process that message, regardless of your character's location in the
         world.
      If the -u switch is specified, the failed exit message isn't added to any
         list.

      Regardless of the switch specified, the Locator task's list of expected
         room statements is reduced to zero. There is no need to reset the task
         or to set the character's current room again.

      See also the help for ';insertlook'.
 
   User commands:
      ife / ifail / insertfail / insertfailexit / insertfailedexit
