lpr / listprofile             Lists profiles

   Format:
      ;lpr                    Lists profiles for this session
      ;lpr -c                 Lists current profiles for this session
      ;lpr -w                 Lists all world profiles

   Notes:
      Profiles are collections of data about worlds, guilds, races, characters
         and so on. Every Axmud session (every open tab in the 'main' window)
         always uses at least one profile - the 'current' world profile.
      Profiles are also essential for Axmud's advanced handling of interfaces
         (triggers, aliases, macros, timers and hooks).
      All interfaces can have an associated profile - a trigger can be attached
         to a particular race, a macro attached to a particular character, and
         so on. Profiles have a priority order, so that if there are two
         triggers with the same name, the one associated with the character
         profile trumps the one associated with the race profile. (The priority
         order can be changed, if this isn't what you want.)
      Besides the four categories of profile mentioned above, you can create
         customised profiles based on the unique features of the worlds you
         play - for example, for a MUD where players are divided into factions,
         you might create 'faction' profiles. The blueprint for a new category
         of profile is called a profile template. Once you have finished
         creating the template, you can add any number of profiles based on it.
      Every world profile has a unique name. When Axmud starts, all world
         profiles are loaded into memory from file and ';ld -m' lists them all.
      Each session knows about the guild, race, character and custom profiles
         associated with the current world profile for that session. Each of
         them have a unique name within the session (which might possibly be the
         same as a different world profile, but that doesn't matter). When the
         session starts, they are loaded into memory from file, and (usually)
         saved back to file at the end of the session.
      You can mark one profile in each category as being a 'current' profile.
         You should definitely have a current character, and it's desirable to
         set the current guild and race, too. Axmud only pays attention to the
         current profile of each category (if any).
      Marking a profile as current activates the interfaces for that profile
         (disactivating other interfaces with the same name, if they're
         associated with profiles lower on the priority list). Marking a
         different profile as current disables those interfaces again.
      Profiles can be added, deleted or marked as current with commands like
         ';addworld', ';cloneworld', ';setguild', ';unsetguild', ';deleterace'
         and so on.

   User commands:
      lpr / listprof / listprofile
