msp / msp                     Manages the Mud Sound Protocol (MSP)

   Format:
      ;msp                    Shows MSP status for this session
      ;msp on                 Turns on MSP for this session (only)
      ;msp off                Turns off MSP for this session (only)
      ;msp -l                 Shows a list of downloaded MSP sound files
      ;msp -d                 Downloads an MSP soundpack
      ;msp -d <link>          Downloads an MSP soundpack from <link>
      ;msp -t <file>          Tests the specified sound <file>
      ;msp -m                 Enable/disable playing multiple sounds together
      ;msp -a                 Enable/disable auto-downloading sound files
      ;msp -f                 Enable/disable flexible MSP tag placement

   Notes:
      The Mud Sound Protocol (MSP) allows a world to offer its own unique set of
         sounds, and to request that the client plays those sounds in response
         to certain events in the world.
      Axmud is able to download those sounds automatically (if the world wants
         that), but in most cases the whole sound set should be downloaded in
         one go, and then saved in Axmud's main data directory/folder. For
         example, sound files from DeathMUD might be saved to

            /home/yourname/axmud-data/msp/deathmud/

      Some worlds offer a soundpack - a collection of sound files for use with
         MSP-compatible clients. You can either download this soundpack
         manually, extract each individual sound file and copy them all to the
         directory above, or you can use the -d switch, in which case Amxud will
         do everything for you.
      <link> is the file link, e.g. 'http://deathmud.com/soundpack.zip'. If you
         don't specify a link, Axmud will prompt you for it. Worlds that offer
         soundpacks usually advertise them on their own websites, which is where
         you can find the correct link.

      MSP sounds won't be played at all if sound has been turned off generally
         (use ';sound on' to turn it back on) or if MSP is turned off generally
         (use ';setmudprotocol -y' to turn it back on).

      Sound requests from the world to the client are invisible to the player.
         For most worlds, MSP sounds will start playing automatically, every
         time you connect to the world. However, a few worlds don't follow the
         usual rules, and expect you to turn on MSP sound manually. If you
         start seeing messages like these:

            !!SOUND(...)
            !!MUSIC(...)

      ...you can turn on/off MSP for this session only by typing ';msp on' or
         ';msp off'.

      Use the -l switch to get a list of downloaded sounds for the current
         world. Use the -t switch to play any of those sounds.

      MSP makes a distinction between 'sound' files (which respond to events in
         the world), and 'music' files (which often play continuously in the
         background). Only one 'music' file can play concurrently, but any
         number of 'sound' files can play concurrently. To turn this on or off,
         use the -m switch.
      Some worlds will invite Axmud to download sound files before playing them
         (if they haven't already been downloaded.) To enable or disable this
         ability, use the -a switch.
      Some worlds place the MSP tags beginning !!SOUND and !!MUSIC in the middle
         of a line, rather than at the beginning. This is officially
         discouraged, but if you want Axmud to recognise MSP tags in the middle
         of a line, you can use the -f switch.

   User commands:
      msp
