pswi / permswitch             Tells an initial task to automatically read aloud

   Format:
      ;pswi <attribute>       Toggles the automatic reading of something
      ;pswi                   Get a list of available <attribute>s

   Notes:
      Tasks have various text-to-speech (TTS) capabilities, but some tasks don't
         use TTS at all. The ';read', ';switch' and ';alert' commands allow you
         to interact with the TTS capabilities of currently-running tasks.
      The ';permread', ';permswitch' and ';permalert' commands allow you to
         interact with the TTS capabilities of tasks in the global initial
         tasklist - the tasks which start, every time you connect to a world -
         as well as any currently-running tasks.
      To modify the way that tasks process speech in general, use the ';speech'
         and ';editconfig' commands. TTS for tasks is turned off, by default, so
         you won't hear anything until you turn it on with the ';speech'
         command.

      The ';switch' and ';permswitch' commands are both in the same format:

         ;switch <attribute>
         ;permswitch <attribute>

      For example, both ';switch tell' and ';permswitch tell' will instruct the
         the current Divert task to read aloud 'tell' messages, or to stop
         reading them aloud if you use the command a second time.
      If you want this on/off setting to last for the rest of the session, you
         should use the ';switch' command. However, if you want the setting to
         be used for this and all future sessions, you should use the
         ';permswitch' command, which stores the setting in both the current
         Divert task, and in the Divert task stored in the global initial
         tasklist (if any).
      If you use ';permswitch' and never use ';switch', you can be sure that
         both the current and initial tasks have the same TTS settings.

      If you don't specify an <attribute> at all, a list of available attributes
         will be displayed. See the help for ';switch' for a full list of
         attributes used with Axmud's built-in tasks.

   User commands:
      pswi / permswitch
