rlc / resetlocatortask        Resets the Locator task
 
   Format:
      ;rlc                    Resets the Locator task
      ;rlc <dir>              Resest the task and sets the facing direction
 
   Notes:
      Some world commands should cause the world to send a room statement in 
         response. (A room statement is the complete room description, including 
         any exits and the room's contents.)
      This generally includes the commands for 'look', 'glance', 'go', 'sail', 
         'fly' (and so on). Axmud stores world commands that have been sent, and
         marks any that it thinks will cause a room statement to be received.
      When the Locator task is running, it works out how many room statements to 
         expect by counting how many of these commands have been sent. However,
         there is no way to guarantee that the Locator will correctly interpret
         every command you send and all the text the world sends in response.
      When your character is standing still but the Locator task reports that it
         is still expecting more room statements, you can use this command to
         reset it. The task searches back through the text received from the 
         world, finds the most recent room statement, and uses it as the new 
         current room.

      A small number of worlds use relative directions like 'forward' and
         'left'. At these worlds, exits in a room can change depending on the
         way the character is facing (usually the direction in which the
         character entered the current room). 
      If you specify <dir>, the automapper assumes the character is facing that
         direction, and interprets the exits in a room accordingly. (Use the
         ';setfacing' command to set the direction without resetting the task.)
      <dir> can be any of the following primary directions (standard or custom,
         abbreviated or not):

         north south east west northeast southeast northwest southwest
 
   User commands:
      rlc / resetloc / resetlocator / resetlocatortask
