sdd / setdatadirectory        Sets the location of the Axmud data directory
 
   Format:
      ;sdd                    Chooses a location
      ;sdd <path>             Sets the location to <path>
      ;sdd -r                 Resets the location
 
   Notes:
      Axmud stores all of its data files in a single directory (folder). The
         location of this directory varies from system to system, and also
         depends on how Axmud was installed.
      To show the location of Axmud's data directory, use ';listdatadirectory'.

      If you want use a different location for your data directory - for
         example, if you want Axmud to save files on an external hard drive, or
         if you want Axmud to save files on a network drive so that multiple
         devices can use it - then you can use this command.
      An important note - the data directory should not be used by multiple
         devices simultaneously. Axmud is simply not designed for that. If you
         want to use Axmud on your desktop, then later use Axmud on your laptop,
         then it's safe to run this command on both devices, setting the
         location of the data directory to a network drive that both devices
         can access.

      Any changes you make using this command won't take effect until you
         restart Axmud.
      If you specify a <path> to a directory, that directory must already exist.
         Otherwise, you can this command without specifying <path>; the
         'dialogue' window will allow you to choose a directory or create a new
         one.
      If you use the -r switch, the location is reset; in other words, when
         Axmud restarts, it will look for its data directory in the default
         location for your system.
      If you change the location using this command and if Axmud, on restarting,
         is unable to find it (for example, if a network drive is not mounted),
         Axmud will use the default location instead.

   User commands:
      sdd / setdatadir / setdatafolder / setdatadirectory
