swz / setwindowsize           Sets the default size of windows

   Format:
      ;swz                    Shows default 'grid' window sizes
      ;swz -m <wid> <hei>     Sets default size of 'main' windows
      ;swz -m                 Resets default size of 'main' windows
      ;swz -g <wid> <hei>     Sets default size of other 'grid' windows
      ;swz -g                 Resets default size of other 'grid' windows
      ;swz -f <wid> <hei>     Sets default size of 'free' windows
      ;swz -f                 Resets default size of 'free' windows

      ;swz -i                 Toggles a topic index in edit/preference windows
      ;swz -s                 Toggles simplified preference windows
      ;swz -w <wid>           Sets the width of the topic index, if visible
      ;swz -w                 Resets the width of the topic index

   Notes:
      The workspace grid is an invisible grid, spanning the whole available
         workspace, on which Axmud tries to arrange its windows so that they
         don't overlap (as far as possible). The grid is divided into zones
         within which one or more windows are arranged. The 'blueprint' for
         zones on a desktop is called a 'zonemap'.
      Only 'grid' windows (including the 'main' window, task windows and the
         automapper window) are arranged on the workspace grid. So-called 'free'
         windows (including the Connections window, the data viewer window and
         all edit, preference and wizard windows) are not affected. Dialogue
         windows are also not affected.

      The size of 'grid' windows normally depends on the grid in which they're
         arranged. However, if workspace grids are disactivated, windows are
         created using a default size which can be modified with this command.
      Actually, there are two default sizes: one for 'main' windows, and one for
         other types of 'grid' window. (The default size of 'free' windows can't
         be modified.)

      Most 'free' windows use a common size, and those windows are laid out
         assuming that size. However, different desktop managers might use
         different standard fonts in which case you might find 'free' windows
         are too small. In that case, you can make the default size bigger.
         (Changing the default size of 'free' windows isn't a good idea
         otherwise.)

      <wid> and <hei> are the width and height of the window; if specified, they
         must be numbers between 100 and Axmud's maximum desktop size.

      Edit and preference windows, by default, have a topic index on the left
         hand side. This can be enabled/disabled with the -i switch, and its
         size can be set with the -w switch.
      By default, many of the less useful tabs in preference windows are hidden
         (this is a change from earlier versions). To toggle between simplified
         and normal modes, use the -s switch.

   User commands:
      swz / setwinsize / setwindowsize
