tts / speech                  Modifies text-to-speech (TTS) general settings
 
   Format:
      ;speech                 Shows current text-to-speech settings
      ;speech <options>       Modifies text-to-speech settings

   Notes:
      If you have one or more of the text-to-speech engines installed on your
         system, Axmud can use them to convert text to speech.
      The engines currently supported on MS Windows are eSpeak, espeak-ng and
         Swift. The engines supported on Linux are eSpeak, espeak-ng, Flite,
         Festival and Swift.
      Axmud also uses a dummy engine, called 'none'. If Axmud tries to convert
         text to speech using the dummy engine, you'll hear nothing.
         
      This command can be used to modify general text-to-speech settings.
         (Individual text-to-speech configurations can be modified with the 
         ';editconfig' command.)

      If specified, <options> should be one of the following:

         ;speech on           Enables text-to-speech for all users
         ;speech off          Disables text-to-speech for all users (however, 
                                 the ';speak' command will still work)
         ;speech toggle       Enables or disables text-to-speech

      (Note that text-to-speech is always active when Axmud is running in 
         'blind' mode. You can still enable/disable text-to-speech for all 
         users, and that setting will be applied when Axmud is not running in 
         'blind' mode.)

      If specified, <options> could also be one of the following:

         ;speech receive on
         ;speech receive off  Turns conversion of received text to speech on/off
         ;speech login on
         ;speech login off    Turns on login protection. When on, received text 
                                 isn't converted to speech before the automatic
                                 login is processed, unless it's a prompt.
         ;speech system on
         ;speech system off   Turns conversion of system messages to speech 
                                 on/off
         ;speech error on
         ;speech error off    Turns conversion of system error messages on/off
         ;speech command on
         ;speech command off  Turns conversion of world commands on/off
         ;speech dialogue on
         ;speech dialogue off Turns conversion of (most) dialogue windows on/off
         ;speech task on
         ;speech task off     Turns on/off the ability of some tasks (such as 
                                 the Status and Divert tasks) to convert certain 
                                 items of text to speech

         ;speech smooth on
         ;speech smooth off   Turns on/off TTS smoothing, which tries to read 
                                 sentences split over several lines more
                                 smoothly (the 'on' setting is recommended)

         ;speech auto on 
         ;speech auto off     Turns on/off the automatic starting of the 
                                 Festival engine server, the first time the 
                                 engine is used (in case it's not already 
                                 running)
         ;speech port <port>  Sets the port used by the Festival engine server
         ;speech port         Resets the port used by the Festival engine server
                                 to the default 1314   
         ;speech reconnect    Reconnects to the Festival engine server. This 
                                 happens automatically if you change the port, 
                                 and Axmud connects to the server when it starts 
                                 (unless you have done ';speech auto off'), so 
                                 you only need this command if you manually 
                                 start the server after you start Axmud.
         ;speech restart      Starts the Festival engine server on your system,
                                 if it's not already running.
 
      Normal Axmud switches can be used, if you prefer: -o for on, -f for off, 
         -g for toggle, -r for receive, -l for login, -s for system, -e for 
         error, -c for command, -d for dialogue, -t for task, -m for smooth, -a 
         for auto, -p for port, -n for reconnect and -z for start.     

   User commands:
      tts / speech
