smn / startmission            Starts a new mission

   Format:
      ;smn <name>             Starts the mission <name>
      ;smn <name> -i          Starts the mission <name> (slowly)

   Notes:
      Missions are a convenient way to get your character to perform a simple
         sequence of actions, without having to learn any programming languages.
         Missions are one of the three types of script that Axmud offers (along
         with Axbasic scripts and tasks, which do require some programming
         knowledge).
      Missions are ideally suited for doing quests, during which you sometimes
         have to type a long list of commands (such as movement commands), and
         sometimes just have to improvise.
      A mission is just a list of instructions. When you start a new mission,
         Axmud starts sending world and client commands until it comes across a
         'break' - an instruction to wait. During a break, control of the
         character is returned to you. Breaks are often used when it's time to
         attack an NPC, solve a puzzle, or converse with someone.
      When you're ready to continue the next stage of the mission, just use the
         ';mission' or ';incrementmission' commands. (Use ';haltmission' to
         stop a mission early.)

      Also interspersed among the list of commands are 'comments', which cause
         Axmud to display something in the 'main' window. A comment is usually
         preceded by a break and followed by a second break, in order to remind
         the user of what needs to be done next.
      In addition, there are three special instructions which send the current
         character's name, password and associated account name - very useful
         for writing a mission which handles the character's login. (These
         instructions can't be used if the name and password are not known, or
         if the character has already logged in.)

      The simplest missions consist of a sequence of world commands, client
         commands, comments and ordinary breaks. However, there are three
         special kinds of break which can be used to create more powerful
         missions.
      A trigger break creates a trigger. When the world sends some text matching
         a certain pattern, the trigger fires and the mission resumes.
      A pause break pauses the mission for a certain time, after which it
         resumes automatically.
      A Locator break waits until the Locator task is not expecting any more
         room descriptions. It's typically used after sending a lot of movement
         commands to the world, so that the mission can resume only when the
         character arrives.

      New missions can be designed with the ';recording' command, then created
         with the ';addmission' command. See the help for the ';recording'
          command for more information.

   User commands:
      smn / startmn / startmission
