swi / switch                  Tells a task to automatically read something aloud

   Format:
      ;swi <attribute>        Toggles the automatic reading of something
      ;swi                    Get a list of available <attribute>s

   Notes:
      Tasks have various text-to-speech (TTS) capabilities, but some tasks don't
         use TTS at all. The ';read', ';switch' and ';alert' commands allow you
         to interact with the TTS capabilities of individual tasks.
      To modify the way that tasks process speech in general, use the ';speech'
         and ';editconfig' commands. TTS for tasks is turned off, by default, so
         you won't hear anything until you turn it on with the ';speech'
         command.

      This command is used to tell the task to read something aloud
         automatically; for example, it can be used to tell the Divert task to
         read 'tell' messages aloud, or it can be used by the Locator task to
         read aloud every room's list of contents, as it is received.
      <attribute> specifies what you would like the task to read aloud
         automatically. Using this command once turns automatic reading on;
         using it a second time turns reading off.
      <attributes> consist of one or more words. Actually, they are stored as a
         single word, so the attribute 'chat out' can be typed as 'chatout', if
         you prefer.
      If you don't specify an <attribute> at all, a list of available attributes
         will be displayed.
      A task must be running before you can use this command to tell it to read
         something aloud automatically.

      This is a list of all the <attribute>s used by this command with Axmud's
         built-in tasks. (The ';read' and ';alert' commands use different
         attributes.)

      (Attack task)
         ;switch fight
            Toggles reading of results of fights
         ;switch interact
         ;switch interaction
            Toggles reading of results of interactions

      (Chat task)
         ;switch chat
            Toggles reading of all Chat task messages. When this is 'on', the
               settings of the other Chat task attributes are ignored
         ;switch chat out
            Toggles reading of sent messages
         ;switch chat in
            Toggles reading of received messages
         ;switch chat echo
            Toggles reading of group messages
         ;switch chat system
            Toggles reading of local system messages
         ;switch chat remote
            Toggles reading of remote system messages
         ;switch chat snoop
            Toggles reading of chat snooping

      (Divert task)
         ;switch divert
            Toggles reading of all Divert task messages. When this is 'on', the
               settings of the other Divert task attributes are ignored
         ;switch tell
            Toggles reading of tell messages
         ;switch social
            Toggles reading of social messages
         ;switch custom
            Toggles reading of custom Divert task messages
         ;switch warning
            Toggles reading of warning messages

      (Locator task)
         ;switch title
            Toggles reading of room titles, as they are received
         ;switch descrip
         ;switch description
            Toggles reading of room descriptions
         ;switch exit
         ;switch exits
            Toggles reading of room exits
         ;switch content
         ;switch contents
            Toggles reading of room contents

      (Status task)
         ;switch life
            Toggles reading of changes to the current character's life status
               (alive, dead etc)

      (Watch task)
         ;toggle watch
            Toggles reading of all Watch task messages

   User commands:
      swi / switch
