tp / teleport                 Teleports to another part of the world
 
   Format:
      ;tp <room tag>          Teleports to a location 
      ;tp <room num>          
      ;tp <room name>         
 
   Notes:
      The ';teleport' command is a convenient way of jumping around any world
         which implements some kind of teleportation system (in which you can 
         jump to a destination room from many different departure rooms). 
      The advantage of using this client command, rather than typing a world
         command like 'portal tower', is that the automapper won't get lost when
         you use ';teleport'.

      There are two ways of using ';teleport' - in conjunction with a prepared
         list of destinations, or without one.

      The ';addteleport', ';deleteteleport' and ';listteleport' commands allow
         you to specify a list of teleport destinations, and the world commands 
         needed to jump to them. For example, you might use a world command like 
         this:

            portal tower

      An admin user at the same world might use a command like this:

            goto /domains/town/room/start

      To add this teleport destination to Axmud's world model, you could use
         either of these client commands. (Because the world commands contain
         spaces, they must be enclosed with diamond brackets <...> )

            ;addteleport myroom <portal tower>
            ;addteleport myroom <goto /domains/town/room/start>

      Axmud now knows about the teleport destination, which you've given the 
         name 'myroom'. You can teleport to this room directly:

            ;teleport myroom

      At first, the automapper will get lost every time you ';teleport' 
         somewhere because it doesn't know the location of the destination room 
         on your map. However, if one of the rooms in your maps has the room tag 
         'myroom', the automapper will know that room is the intended
         destination and it won't get lost.
      Room tags can be words like 'myroom' or numbers like 399. In addition, all
         rooms in the world model have a unique model number which is not 
         related to room tags. If you specify a number that isn't being used as 
         a room tag, the automapper will assume that the destination room is the 
         room with that model number:

            ;addteleport 399 <portal shop>
            ;teleport 399

      The second way of using ';teleport' is convenient at worlds which have
         given many rooms a unique name for the purposes of teleportation. If
         you draw your maps using identical room tags, the automapper will know 
         which room is the destination room; otherwise the automapper will get 
         lost.

            ;teleport spookycastle
 
      In this situation, the world command used is the one specified by the
         current highest-priority command cage. The default world command is in
         the form 'teleport room', where the word 'room' is automatically
         replaced by your destination (the word 'spookycastle' in the example 
         above.) 
      If the world uses a different teleportation command then you'll have to
         modify the command cages, replacing the word 'teleport' with the
         required command. ('edit' windows for command cages can be opened from 
         Axmud's GUI window.)

      See also the help for the ';deleteteleport' and ';listteleport' commands.
 
   User commands:
      tp / tport / teleport
