tin / toggleinstruction       Enables/disables various instruction settings

   Format:
      ;tin                    Shows current instruction settings

      ;tin -c                 Toggles confirmation of world commands
      ;tin -v                 Toggles conversion of world commands to lower case
      ;tin -w                 Toggles retention of world commands
      ;tin -o                 Toggles retention of other kinds of instruction
      ;tin -m                 Toggles sending multi commands to all sessions

   Notes:
      Axmud offers several different kinds of instructions (see the help for
         ';togglesigil' for a list of them). Instructions are usually typed in
         the 'main' window's command entry box, but any part of the Axmud code
         can generate its own instructions.
      This command changes settings for how some of those instructions are
         handled.

      When world commands are sent, they are usually displayed in the
         session's 'main' window, too (in green text by default). The '-c'
         switch enables/disables this behaviour.
      One-word world commands typed in capital letters can be auto-converted to
         lower-case letters, as many worlds won't recognise commands typed in
         upper-case letters. The '-v' switch enables/disables this behaviour.

      When you type an instruction in the 'main' window's command entry box and
         press your 'enter key', the instruction can be retained or remove from
         the box, depending on what is more convenient.
      The '-w' switch enables/disables the retention of world commands, as well
         as multi command and speedwalk commands.
      The '-o' switch enables/disables the retention of other instructions,
         namely client, echo, Perl and script commands.

      Multi commands can execute a world command in all sessions, or only in
         sessions with the same current world as this one. The '-m' switch
         enables/disables this behaviour.

   User commands:
      tin / toggleinstruct / toggleinstruction
