tsg / togglesigil             Enables/disables instruction sigils
 
   Format:
      ;tsg                    Shows current status of instruction sigils
      
      ;tsg -e                 Toggles the echo command sigil
      ;tsg -p                 Toggles the Perl command sigil
      ;tsg -s                 Toggles the script command sigil
      ;tsg -m                 Toggles the multi command sigil
      ;tsg -w                 Toggles the speedwalk command sigil
      ;tsg -b                 Toggles the bypass command sigil
 
   Notes:
      Axmud offers several different kinds of instructions. Instructions are 
         usually typed in the 'main' window's command entry box, but any part of
         the Axmud code can generate its own instructions.
      Each kind of instruction has its own instruction sigil. The sigil is a 
         single character (or pair of characters) at the start of the 
         instruction (for example, in this ';togglesigil' command, the sigil is 
         the semicolon character).
      The sigil characters themselves cannot be modified. 
         
      The types of instructions are:
      
         Echo commands, starting with a " (double quote) character
         
            "hello world
            
            Displays a 'hello world' message in the session's 'main' window
        
         Perl commands, starting with a / (forward slash) character
         
            /$a = 5; $b = 2; $a * $b;
               
            Evaluates the text as a Perl programme and returns a value of 10,
            which is executed as a world command
                  
         Scripts commands, starting with an & (ampersand) character
         
            &wumpus
               
            Runs the wumpus.bas script; it's the equivalent of
            ';runscript wumpus'
                  
         Multi commands, starting with a : (colon) character
          
            :shout I'm going for lunch
               
            Executes the text as a forced world command in multiple sessions
 
         Speedwalk commands, starting with a . (full stop) character
         
            .3nw2e
            
            Executes a series of world commands. This example is the equivalent
               of 'north;north;north;west;east;east'

         Bypass commands, starting with a > (greater than) character
         
            >drink water
            
            Executes the world command immediately, perhaps to drink in order to 
               increase the character's energy points before they run out, 
               while still moving along a path (specifically, bypasses a queue 
               of unsent world commands created in slowwalking or crawl mode)
                          
         Client commands, starting with a ; (semicolon) character
         
            ;about
               
            Shows information about Axmud
               
         Forced world commands, starting with ,, (two commas)
         
            ,,/connect
              
            Executes everything after the ,, as a forced world command. In this
            case, '/connect' is sent directly to the world, not executed as a 
            Perl command
                  
      By default, echo, Perl, script, multi and speedwalk sigils are disabled. 
         If you want to use them, you can use this command to enable them. 
      You can use the ';echo', ';perl', ';multi', ';speedwalk' and ';bypass'
         commands to execute echo, Perl, multi, speedwalk and bypass commands 
         even when the sigils are disabled.
      Client and forced world commands are never disabled. 
      
   User commands:
      tsg / sigil / togglesigil
