uwo / updateworld             Updates the current world profile
 
   Format:
      ;uwo                    Updates the profile
      ;uwo <file>             Updates the profile using <file>
 
   Notes:
      This command can be used when you want to update the current world profile
         with properties from a better world profile, without destroying any 
         changes you've already made. (This is usually better than importing the 
         other profile directly, because all of the guilds, races, characters, 
         cages, interfaces and maps stored with your current world profile won't 
         be destroyed.)
      ';updateworld' is useful in two situations. Firstly, every version of 
         Axmud comes with a number of pre-configured worlds. If you've just 
         installed a new version of Axmud, you might want to update your world 
         profile with properties from the new pre-configured world.
      Secondly, if someone else creates a better world profile and offers to
         share it with you, you can use ';updateworld' to import its properties.
         (As always, you should only ever import data from someone you know and
         trust.)

      ';updateworld' can be used with any file created with the ';exportfiles'
         command, including the pre-configured world files stored in Axmud's
         install directory (folder), in the /items/worlds sub-directory.
      <file> is the full file path. If you don't specify <file>, you'll be
         prompted to select the file you want.
      If you're using a new version of Axmud and want to update an existing
         world definition, the prompt window is already open in the directory
         where pre-configured worlds are stored (you need the file ending .tgz).

      You should definitely CREATE A BACK UP OF THE ENTIRE AXMUD DATA DIRECTORY
         before you start, in case anything goes wrong.
      Occasionally it might be better to use the ';restoreworld' command, which
         completely replaces the current world (and its associated guilds,
         races, characters, cages, interfaces and maps) with a pre-configured
         world. However, ';restoreworld' can not be used while actually 
         connected to a world, nor can it be used to import a world profile that 
         someone has offered to share.

   User commands:
      uwo / updateworld
