This is the Axmud data directory (folder).

It would be wise to make backup copies of the whole directory from time to time.
   You can either do this manually, or by using a client command:

   ;backupdata
   ;restoredata
   ;autobackup

Read this file before modifying the contents of the data directory. It goes
   without saying that you SHOULD NOT edit any file WHILE AXMUD IS RUNNING.

It's possible to manully edit the config file ('axmud.conf' or 'axmud.cfg'), but
   in general, you shouldn't so unless you know what you are doing.
   
The data directory contains the following sub-directories:

   ../buffers

      Axmud uses buffers to store text received from the world, and the commands
         that you type. The contents of these buffers can saved, and later
         loaded back into memory and 'replayed'.
      There are a number of client commands which handle Axmud buffers, for
         example:
         
         ;savebuffer
         ;loadbuffer
         ;replaybuffer
         ;haltreplay

      It is SAFE to modify the files in this sub-directory.

   ../custom

      This sub-directory is exclusively for your personal use; Axmud won't
         modify its contents.
      You can use the sub-directory for anything you want; for example

         - storing backup copies of your maps
         - storing quest solutions that you've written
         - storing photos that your friends have sent you

      Plugins and Axbasic scripts should NOT modify this directory; they should
         use ../store instead.
      
   ../data

      Axmud stores its data files in this sub-directory. DO NOT MODIFY THE
         CONTENTS OF THIS DIRECTORY.

   ../data/temp

      Axmud stores its own temporary files in this sub-directory. The sub-
         directory is emptied every time Axmud starts. DO NOT MODIFY THE
         CONTENTS OF THIS DIRECTORY.

   ../logos

      Stores the screenshots for all pre-configured worlds (which are used in
         the Connections window).
      If you create your own world profile, it's safe to add a screenshot to
         this directory - for example, for a world profile called 'deathmud',
         add a screenshot called 'deathmud.png'. The file should be a 300x200
         .PNG file (other graphics formats won't be recognised).

   ../logs
   
      Any logfile written by Axmud are stored here. It is SAFE to modify the
         files in this sub-directory.

      The way in which Axmud writes logfiles is highly customisable. See the
         help for:
         
         ;log

   ../msp

      Stores sounds used by the MSP protocol, which are available at a few
         worlds.
      Sound files can be downloaded automatically, when they are needed, but
         most worlds that support MSP offer sound packs containing many sound
         files.
      Axmud can download and install sound packs for you, if you want. See the
         help for:

         ;msp

      Each world has its own directory, for example:

         /axmud-data/msp/deathmud/

      It is SAFE to modify the files in this sub-directory.
         
   ../mxp

      Stores images downloaded automatically by the MXP protocol. 

      Each world has its own directory, for example:

         /axmud-data/mxp/deathmud/

      It is SAFE to modify the files in this sub-directory.
            
   ../plugins

      Any plugins you write can be stored here, so that it's easy for Axmud to
         find them using the client command:

         ;loadplugin

      This sub-directory is exclusively for your personal use; Axmud won't
         modify its contents. It is SAFE to modify its contents while Axmud is
         running (a plugin can only be loaded once).

   ../plugins/help/cmd

      If your plugins create new client commands, you can write help files for
         them, and store the help files here so that Axmud can find them.
      The help file should have the same as the client command, for example:

         ;mycommand   >>>   file called 'mycommand'

   ../plugins/help/task

      If your plugins create new tasks, you can write help files for them, and
         store the help files here so that Axmud can find them.
      The help file should have the same as the task, for example:
       
         'Wibble' task   >>>   file called 'wibble'
        
   ../screenshots

      If you take a screenshot (using the client command ';screenshot', or using
         the automapper window's screenshot function), the screenshot is stored
         in this sub-directory.
     
      It is SAFE to modify the files in this sub-directory.
         
   ../scripts

      Any Axbasic scripts you write can be stored here, so that it's easy for
         Axmud to find them using client commands like:

         ;runscript hello

      This sub-directory is exclusively for your personal use; Axmud won't
         modify its contents. It is SAFE to modify its contents while Axmud is
         running (scripts are loaded into memory, before they are executed).
   
   ../sounds

      Axmud stores its sound effects files in this sub-directory.

      It is SAFE to modify the files in this sub-directory. If Axmud tries to
         play a sound effect whose file has been deleted, nothing will happen
         (and no error message is generated).
      You can add (or replace) as many sound files as you like. To link a sound
         file to a sound effect, use the client command:

         ;addsoundeffect

   ../store

      This is a temporary sub-directory for the use of your plugins and scripts,
         whenever need to write their own files.
      The sub-directory is not emptied by Axmud, so your plugins and scripts can
         store their own persistent data files. It would be a good idea for each
         plugin and script to use a unique sub-directory, for example

         ../store/myplugin/
         ../store/myscript/
   
   ../tmp

      This is a temporary sub-directory for the use of your plugins and scripts
         (which SHOULD NOT use ../data/temp).
      The sub-directory is emptied every time Axmud starts. 
         
      

      
